Git repository documentation updates (#9285)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/platform-functionality/gitrepository.md

!!! important
    Nautobot's Git integration depends on the availability of the `git` program. If `git` is not installed, Nautobot will be unable to pull data from Git repositories.

## Security Considerations

!!! warning "Managing a Git repository allows arbitrary code execution"
    When a repository that provides Jobs is synced, its Python job modules are imported by the Nautobot worker, and importing a module executes its top level code. Syncing a repository therefore run arbitrary Python code from that repository on the server.

    The repository `remote_url` is also fetched by the worker, so a user who can configure a repository can make the server send outbound requests to arbitrary hosts.

    Treat the permissions to create, change, or sync a Git repository (`extras.add_gitrepository`, `extras.change_gitrepository`) as equivalent to granting code execution on the worker. Grant them only to trusted administrators.

!!! note "Syncing a repository implies a Job run permission"

>     Syncing triggers the `GitRepositorySync` system job, which imports and therefore executes any Jobs the repository provides. This is gated by the Git repository permissions alone, not by the Job `run` permission. As a result, a user who can sync a repository can cause its job code to run during the sync even without the `run` permission needed to start those Jobs from the Jobs UI or API. This is by design.

Reviewer: Maybe remove this as it's a bit inaccurate - it doesn't call the job `run()` methods, it just executes whatever gets called at import time - and I think it's basically redundant with line 16 above?

Or perhaps, on a reread:

```suggestion
!!! note "Syncing a repository runs a Job but does not require `run_job` permission"
    Syncing triggers the `GitRepositorySync` system job. This is considered an internal implementation detail, and so it is gated by the Git repository `change` permissions, not by the Job `run` permission. This is by design.
```

Author: changed
